hello so my name is isabelle
I am a quality technician in the plastic astra company
I studied bac + 2
and I came back percent and here as a quality technician so we
worked those two
manage everything that is customer complaints
with all our French customers are exporting it's a bit take 50% of
time in the office 50% in the workshop panels our main manufacturing
receives important subjects
we then receive a dye
we mix all this in a sticky no wrong sorting that is injected after
in a press there is the material is heated to the temperature of 100
degrees
she becomes the following
they go into molds
the bad languages ​​will loose the specific for its part things
the field of plastics
comscore in
the garden fear of a small grain of matter we come out of
plugs
more or less complex gold we can make caps% one piece as
3 and 4 piece caps
my technique was the country
know how to listen to people
the majority of people for once a time be a little you have to be signed
in Bordeaux
but percent
he pulled square and per year in the management of the file
in the opposite case a second round having a fairly rigorous mind
decision-makers and 16 6%
how to say
others not
workforce
my one year writing job
the quality department
we have to work
we go hand in hand with the production
fisker
the production
customers